I'm I wanted to do a quick video for you
guys um I went to CVS today and they had
like all these great sales going on I
mean the headlight a buy one get one
fifty percent off there's some the head
like 50 to 75 percent off and you get
cash back with by purchasing a certain
amount of stuff and I think I kept
physicians formula if you buy ten
dollars worth of product you get a five
dollar cash back so yeah there's a lot
of great deals going on right now but I
only had a few things that I wanted to
try out and things that I already like
so the first time I sure you guys that I
got is the NYC bronzer in sunny and it
was seventy-five percent off if you guys
can see that will stick away there and
um this is my replacement bronzer for my
steelo and it's guys it's only five
percent off and um yeah i only paid
seventy-five cents for as I think
playing the receipt so yeah I saved like
about all that stuff so it was only 75
cents and so I bought two of the
bronzers and this is my favorite bronzer
like I love this bronzer so much it's
really pretty oh this is what the color
looks like and have those Sun design in
seinem it puts a really pretty bones
around it's good for like if you have
like it is a light kind of skin tone
it's just perfect it's not too dark and
it's like I said it's a really good deal
um
I think I'm going to go tomorrow and go
buy some more these the CVS I went to
was actually there wasn't a lot in stock
um so yeah I got two of those the next
thing that I got is the Maybelline
concealer and I got it in the cream
light 45 and I heard a lot of good
reviews about this concealer and it was
fifty percent off and um so i got it for
449 and it was like the last one so um I
was like well since it's on sale might
as well try it so I got this one and
then I also got the physician formula
foundation and natural beige I think um
I only sold three there and I guess this
is the darkest one out of the other two
or three and so I got this a try um I
heard good reviews on this also and it
has SPF 50 in it and I needed it on a
new powder so this is yeah seventy-five
percent off this so i only bought this
for 375 so thoroughly good deal i
actually bought two so i got that and
the next product that i got are the
sally hansen gem crush nail polishes so
I got these polishes in the pink one and
gold and the pink one is the razzle
dazzle I guess it's comparable to the
katy perry's line NOP I so who knows I
mean I thought I'd really pretty Saigon
razzle-dazzle ooh and i also got it
big money I needed a new gold shimmer
one I already have silver so I only
bought these two and yours on sale also
it's buy one get one half off so it was
um see it is 699 and then the other this
one I got for 349 so the I you guys so
much unbelievable field going on right
now like I'm lonely going tomorrow I
just want to do a quick video for you
guys so yeah a guy should definitely hit
up your CVS I will try to explore more
and just stuck up on stuff because such
a great deal going on like it's
ridiculous how many things are on sale
um I just wish the CVS i went to wasn't
still empty but you know you guys you
gotta hit it up you gotta go and just
crazy like I'm gonna um there's quite a
few in my neighborhood I just went to
one I wasn't think like I didn't realize
how much is a sale was until I looked at
the receipt and so um yeah I hope you
guys liked the video um I'm shooting it
differently because it's kind of late
it's like about to be three o'clock in
the morning and I already took off all
my makeup and my hair is all um ready
for bed so I might just do it this way
and just um yeah it's just wrapping
paper that I have robbed but I mean it's
nice right you guys you get to see the
product and light is not that bad so um
yeah I want to feel lazy and when is too
late at night I'm just gonna start doing
videos like this so I hope you liked
this quick little haul video i just
wanted to share with you guys this one
um for today because i don't know when
the phils ending and it's like a lot of
stuffs in sales so i just wanted to
share with you guys all that
good stuff so um yeah that's it i hope
you liked the video thanks for watching
bye